---
publishedAt: 2025-01-07
---

# Day 2

## P90X Update

**Plyometrics**:. dynamic exercises that use short, intense bursts of activity to target
fast-twitch muscle fibers. "You can do anything for thiry seconds." I started strong on
this workout. By the middle of the workout, I was modifying. The high jumping and
quick movement exercises were modified to spare my knees. I hate to admit that halfway
through, I was ready to be done. You know. Quit? But I didn't. I finished. It might
have been crawling over the finish line, but I finished it.

## Diet

I stuck to my calorie goals and made sure to eat. The temptation to get on the scale or
break out the measuring tape is ridiculous. Seriously. How much physical change can
happen in one day? None. My body may be feeling the effects of intense (for me)
workout, but it will take some time to see any meaningful progress. In the meantime,
I am super duper hungry. Per Josh, I immediately had a protein shake after my workout
to help with recovery. I am being more intentional about what I am eating and where
I am spending my calories. I've already made some conscious decisions that are going
to help me long-term.

## I couldn't wait

A while back, mom bought us a Christmas quilt for our bed. It is luxurious and beautiful.
Recently, we found a dry cleaner that charges a reasonable price to clean it and we
eventually got it back. It is clean and smells fantastic. It is now discontinued, so it
has become irreplaceable. I know that Jenni has always lamented the fact that we never
got the matching pillow shams to go with it. She would never say anything because that's
who she is. Well, I bought them thinking that I could sit on them until Valentine's day,
but I love her so much and I know how much of a surprise it would be, I couldn't wait to
give them to her! She was so excited and appreciative of the gift.

## It is super cold

Forecast is calling for anyhwere from 1 to 15 inches of snow. It's cold enough that I
believe it could happen. I'm kind of hoping that it won't, but right now we are looking
at when, not if. Stay tuned to see what snowmageddon 2025 looks like.
