---
publishedAt: 2025-01-09
toc: true
---

# Happy Thursday

## Wednesday Night Update

Crafts went well last night. I think because it was cold and the weather was threatening, people
decided to stay home. That said, we did have quite a few kids show up and a lot of them wanted
to do the craft. It's validating when the kids enjoy making the craft and just spend time working
on it. I got to sit with a few kids and chat with them. We also got to meet the new intern, Caleb.
We've seen him teaching a small group before, but we are excited that he's come on board in this
capacity.

## P90X Update

I took Aleve and Advil last night to help with the soreness. As a result, I slept better. I
literally couldn't keep my eyes open while I read for a little bit. The next thing I new, I was
starting to wake up a little before five o'clock. Today was Yoga day. I did better than I thought
I would. Those muscles that have been tight and unyielding for a while are starting to stretch and
relax. I want to believe that I'm seeing progress already, but it's only been a few days. It's so easy
to have unrealistic expectations these days. When everything is instant, it's easy to expect this to
be the same. The reality is that I didn't gain all this weight in a day so it won't come off in a day
either. In the meantime, I'm getting through the workouts, modifying where I need to, and getting ready
for the next day's routine.

## It's snowing

Most people are excited about it and eager to get out and play in it. For me, the only change is that
Jenni gets to work from home for a few days. We are both here, safe and toasty warm. Both of us
clicking away on our keyboards and kitty is helping me type. Today's going to be a good day.

## Nuxt learning

Today I'm working through the final section of the nuxt class. It promises to be a good one, but also
a big one. I went from 2-3 lectures per section to 30 in one section. It might take me longer, but I'm
eager and motivated to finish. Now that the learning is done and the decision is made, pressure is on to
get this thing actually working in our environment so we can start work in earnest for our next big project.
