---
title: Changes for 2025
publishedAt: 2025-01-06
toc: true
description: A train of thought on my plans for 2025
head:
  meta:
    - name: "keywords"
      content: "nuxt, vue, content"
    - name: "robots"
      content: "index, follow"
    - name: "author"
      content: "Dan Obregon"
    - name: "copyright"
      content: "© 2025 Dan Obregon"
---

# Changes for 2025

Welcome to 2025! I still feel like I am trying to get used to the year being 2024 and here we are
starting another new year.

It is common for people to make resolutions and declarations for the year: goals that they set for
themselves that are typically abandoned a few weeks later.

I don't want to be in the camp that makes wide-reaching over-arching statements about things that I
want to change. I want to actually make the changes in my life this year.

## Finish

A popular trend has been to pick a word that is meaningful, inspirational, and declarative for the
year. I haven't paid enough attention to why people chose a word. It always seemed like a gimmick
to me, you know? It felt like just one more psycho-babble new-agey trend to roll my eyes at. This
year hit differently though. Looking around in my garage and in my office, I see a lot of things
started but left incomplete. The more places I began looking around, the more things I felt were
incomplete. I felt some serious conviction about not finishing what I started and it bothered me a lot.
To that end, my word for this year, my mantra is simply this: **finish**.

## Physical: P90X

The biggest thing (literally) about myself that I am going to change is my body.
Here are some embarassing statistics:

| Statistic | My Numbers |
| --------- | ---------- |
| Weight    | 200.6 lbs  |
| Chest     | 46.0"      |
| Upper Arm | 12.5"      |
| Waist     | 44.5"      |
| Hips      | 40.5"      |
| Thighs    | 19.5"      |

I am **fourty-five** pounds over where I want to be and I can feel it. I have pain in my lower back and
in my knees and its because of my weight. Shortly after Christmas, I decided I was going to do
this. I told Jenni what I planned and that I was going to buy some equipment to get me started.
Last year, I learned and belived that I am worth investing in, so buying the equipment was a
little bit of a flex on that muscle (pun intended).

Today was day one of the program and it's easy to be gung-ho about it. I am sore. I am tired.
I am ravenously hungry, but I made it through day one. As Tony Horton says: "Do your best and forget
the rest. Just keep pushing play."

## Diet

The diet is going to be a bit of a struggle. Last year, the change was to do more meals at home. Meaning
I cook more meals at home instead of ordering all the time. This was good for the pocket book as well as
for the diet. What needs to change this year is what I am cooking and the kinds of sides that go with it.
There will still be the occasional frozen family meal and a meal ordered in, but generally, the desire is
to make wiser choices. There are easy things I can do that will reap benefits right away:

1. No more cream and sugar in my coffee. Black. Just Black.
2. No more sodas. Period.
3. Smaller portion sizes.

## Spiritual

This is kind of a touchy area because it means that there are shortcomings.

1. Daily Bible Reading
   I have spent too much time away from God's word. I have started (and WILL finish) the Chronological Bible in a year
   plan. So far, I am on target. I am trying to make it a part of my daily routine and so far, it is working well.

2. Daily Devotionals
   I'll be honest, this was another thing I started last year and just didn't finish. I am picking up where I left off
   on the Chosen devotional series, especially since I have another three in the series to work through. I am also doing
   devotions on the Bible app. The Chosen devotional will most likely be a weekday thing since I can't really do it on my
   phone all in one place. The Bible app devotionals I can do anywhere at anytime.

3. Serving More
   Though we are fully committed to the children's ministry, we are seeking something deeper. We see the gaps because
   there are fewer interns. Until interns come in and fill those gaps, Jennifer and I want to step in and help out
   where we can however we can. We have made that committment to Kelly already. I would love the opportunity to teach
   more. On days that we teach, I feel such a deep sense of contentedness. It's like, today, I have fulfilled the purpose
   for which I was created.

### Bible Reading

Today I read in Genesis. It was the story of Lot being rescued from the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah.
There was also some bits about Abram and Sarai calling each other brother and sister because Abram was afraid.
He was so afraid, he even let another man take his "sister" as their wife. Fear can drive a person to do some
crazy things. I hope whatever fears I have, they don't drive or control me to such extremes as that!

This inaugural post is a bit of a ramble. If you've made it this far, thank you for reading all the way to end.
