---
publishedAt: 2025-01-10
toc: true
---

# Friday

## P90X Update

Today was legs and back day. I didn't remember what the routine was in this one, so I kind of came into
it blind. I looked at the workout sheet and saw that pull-ups were involved and I cringed just a little
bit. But I pushed play anyway. Much to my surprise, I was able to get over the bar a few times today
and even with my assistance belts, I was able to do more today than I did when I started on Monday. I
was definitely surprised by that and also really happy with it. The temptation to break out the measuring
tape and get on the scale is strong, but I'm going to resist the urge. I feel better about what I am doing
and the fact that I am seeing and feeling results already is an indication that I am on the right path.

## Snowfall

I don't know if we are done with the snow yet, but I think maybe we are. It snowed quite a bit here.
By the time we were heading to bed, a lot of it was already melting. We could hear the dripping and it
sounded like it was raining outside. This morning, there's a fresh layer of snow and quite a bit of it too.
If I had to guess, I'd say we got another half inch on top of the 4 inches we got yesterday.

## Dark-eyed Junco

One of the unexpected surprises of the snow was the Dark-eyed Junco. This beautiful little bird is black on
top and white on the bottom. It's belly is white tapers to gray at the wings and then goes black over his top.
Apparently, they love the snow and we've seen that too. We must have had dozens of them all day, along with our
regular blue jays, pigeons, sparrows, and cardinals. They are chirping and frolicking in the cold snow eating
the bird seed that we've put out there for them. It's precious and brings back a little joy for the snow for me.

## Nuxt Learning

I will finish the class today. I feel like I'm learning a lot, but there is just so much to learn. Really,
the framework isn't too bad, it's more of the supplemental things that the instructor has brought in to help
teach capabaility and practical usage. It's interesting, it's just a lot to take in. On the heels of
finishing this class will be a crash course in making it work with an existing project. Lots and lots of
work is coming really soon!

## Craft Prep

More of the crafts that I ordered have arrived, so now it's a matter of packaging them up for the kids to use
as the days come on. Honestly, I feel like we are ready for the rest of the year's Detonate activities. Most
of the crafts are already purchased or the materials are already assembled. We have seventeen more weeks of
Detonate remaining and crafts for each of those weeks already planned. That's exciting! I love not having
to scramble to figure out **what** we are going to do and that we just get to do it.
