---
publishedAt: 2025-01-13
toc: true
---

# A new week begins

## P90X Update

On Saturday, I got up and did my exercise. It was Kenpo day. The hardest part of Kenpo day is the
stretching, honestly. Sure, it's a high intensity cardio workout, but I can do it! What I enjoy most
about it is the feeling that I can get through the exercise. It was satisfying to finish that workout.

Today (Monday), it was back to the Chest and Back workout. I feel like I needed to modify everything,
which is fine. Having modified everything, I did more reps of everything. Where I struggled a LOT last
week, this week I didn't struggle as much. Now, this is not to say that it was easy. This routine is
probably the most challenging for me. When I can comfortable get my chin over the part and get to a
respectable number of pull-ups, I'll begin taking away the assistance bands. I am hoping by the end
of the 90 day program, I will be able to do pull-ups without needing any of the assistance bands.

The idea of finishing this program is exciting! I am excited to see what my body will look like at
that time! I am exicted to see what it will feel like to be in so much better shape. Then, using that
feeling as my starting point for round 2. And then round 3. And then round 4. It may be too ambitious to
expect to finish P90X four times in one year, but I feel like it's a good routine and I \*_can_ do this!

Anyway, I'm feeling good and I feel like I accomplished something.

## Snowmageddon

With the snow that we got on Thursday and Friday, everything kind of shut down. Deliveries didn't happen
when we expected them to, so that means projects we wanted to do over the weekend didn't get done. All told, we got something like six inches of snow. Today, most of that snow is gone. There are still some
stubborn patches here and there that won't go away, but for the most part, we are back to clear skies and
no frozen precipitation. I am not a fan of the snow, so I was glad to see if finally go away.

## Church Fun

It was a cold start to the day, but we ate breakfast at our favorite spot, went to worship, and then we
went to serve. It was absolutely insane! The numbers in the first hour were higher than I have ever seen! Every class was full to overflowing and that's exciting. Second hour was more manageable. I felt like it was one of those rare days where I had good control over my class. They were listening and responding well so that made it more fun. I tried to be a good servant. I know there is a lot of work to do and I was trying to fill in the gaps that I could see to make everything run more smoothly.

After church, we went to celebrate Lydia's birthday. She's such a sweet young lady. It was wonderful to get to fellowship with her and her family. We got to have some really good discussion and just share life experiences with each other. I hope this is the beginning of something wonderful!
