---
publishedAt: 2025-01-08
toc: true
---

# Midweek report

## A Blog?

Why am I tracking the days by the day of P90X? Honestly, I couldn't tell you.
Honestly, starting a blog was not in the cards for this year either, but it came
with the Udemy course I'm taking on Nuxt, so I figured I dive in with it too.

Some of you know my deeper history but I'm willing to bet most of you don't.
For the time-being, I am going to keep it that way. While this is a personal
blog with the mundane daily activities of my life documented here, this is more
for me than for you.

If you want to know more, feel free to reach out. If it's too personal, I'll
tell you so.

## P90X Update

I was super sore last night, so I didn't sleep as well as I had the past few nights.
Jennifer woke up early and did her Walking video with Leslie Sansone. I got changed
and headed into Shoulders and Arms. I was already feeling sore and kind of dreading
exercising already sore muscles, but I pushed play and went for it. I finished the
routine. I didn't do a lot of heavy weights or reps. Actually, the weight got lighter
as I went through the routine. I feel like I shouldn't be this sore after such a
light weight and light reps, but truly, I am sore. Since it is still my first week,
I am still trying to go easy instead of all out. Tomorrow is Yoga day. While that
will still be a workout and it will still be taxing, I am looking forward to that one.

## Crafts Tonight

It's Wednesday, and that means tonight is Detonate. Jenni and I do crafts for the kids.
Saying that makes it sound like such a trivial thing, but it is a lot of work for us.
We have to plan the craft, purchase it or its elements, gather all the items for it,
package them for potentially 100 kids that might do crafts, and create several samples.
It's a lot of work and a lot of planning, but this is our ministry and where we choose
to invest our time and energy. The kids desperately need people to listen to them,
encourage them, and speak Jesus into their lives, and we happily step in to meet these
needs.

## Snow storm tomorrow?

Tomorrow, they are forecasting snowmageddon. A mix of snow and ice heading our way
starting super early tomorrow morning and lasting through midday on Friday. What will
actually happen is anybody's guess. We've got blankets up on the windows. I've got
the ice melt ready in case we need it. Heaven only knows what all is going to come,
but I think we are as ready as we can be.
